# Web-Scraping-Challenge

The purpose of this assignment was to use any method preferred to scrape particular pcitures or pieces of data from different websites about Mars and then using Flask and MongoDB, create an HTML page showcasing the scraped details by calling them from the Mongo database.  The HTML also needed to have a button that called a function to scrape the same websites and update itself if any of the details had been recently updated.  From one website that contained articles about Mars, we needed to scrape the most recent article title as well as its associated teaser sentence.  Splinter was used to scrape those details from the site which were then added to an empty dictionary.  Another site contained various images of Mars' surface among other Mars related photos.  The page had one featured image of Mars that was to be scraped using splinter.  The .jpg path was scraped from the site and added to the dictionary.  One website didn't need to have anything scraped from it, but a table with general information on Mars needed to be read from the HTML, turned into a dataframe, transformed some, and then turned back into an HTML string.  The last website (currently broken at the time of submitting this homework assignment), contained information on the four hemispheres of Mars.  The names of each hemisphere and a picture of them were scraped and appended to their own lists.  A dictionary list of the hemisphere title and its associated image url was added to the dictionary for all Mars data scraped.  All scraping code was done in Jupyter Notebook to test befre being added and altered into the scrape function in VSCode to be called by using the button on the webpage.
